第0段:

第1段:
 Operational Risk, Credit Risk, Gearing Ratio, Liquid Assets   The cost of holding risk is important interest to every organization. In this time   period, the stocks that have suffer doubts and qualms in every quality of their   operations. In that exceptional time period, many business organizations faced   very hard time and especially Pakistan suffers more times such unstable time. 
第2段:
 One of the best reasons for Pakistani banks’ instability is credit risk and the ex-  istence of the banks is individually better as compared to other financial states at   assessment. 
第3段:
 The past 21st century produced and had to face the longest hard time eco-  nomic contraction same for the applied nations, which had more expensive in   2001s, as the commercial banks had to face the high magnitude of risk. 
第4段:
 Risk management is an exclusive management method in financial services   (Banks). Risk management is struggling every day against uncertainty, and ab-  solutely it is an everyday learning process. Risk is a part of corporate life. 
第5段:
 Every day banks face a large amount and different kinds of risk. Banks have a   long connection with risk management; for example when making loans deli-  berating over risk issues. Hence, banks encounter numerous sorts of risk. There   are some examples of different kinds of risk, which banks have to face. Market   risk, liquidity risk, and solvency risk. The risk has more serious mark effect on   Pakistani banking sectors. Which could probably alert and cause the achieve-  ment of the banks? There are different kinds of risks but we discuss only two   types, financial risk and non-financial risk and just focus on financial risk (credit   risk). 
第6段:
 Credit risk is the level of valuation variation in liabilities tools due to modifica-  tions in the implicit loan value of lender and counterpart (Coyle, 2000). Ac-  cording to researcher this type of risk has more significant effect and great im-  pact as compared to other types of risk in Pakistani banking sectors. There are   two types of business risks, these are shown in diagram.  
第7段:
 In Figure 1 researcher is focusing on credit risk faced by Pakistani banking   sectors and also examines the operational risk (OR) in each aspect. The Pakistani   economic market is one of the identical unstable economic markets in the world   (Sadaqat, Akhtar, & Ali, 2011). In Table 1 credit risk is measured with the help   of banks’ performance. The main supply of credit earning is the process of pro-  duction (Kargi, 2011). That’s why most banks are considering the risk that is the   risk of credit through the bank.       
第8段:
 The major bank problem is to face the operational risk; there are more likely to face and experience the maximum financial crisis. Loans to bank deposit and lending for their loans are available in the current fund announcement (Ka-shyap, Rajan, & Stein, 1999). Operational risk is the most dangerous threat and challenge for Pakistani banks so for that attracts banks and successes of business alone are increasingly exposed to the specific capacity, preparation and efficient performance of this particular threat (Gieseche, 2004). This research stressed on major causes of bank failure due to the fast growth of operational risk in bank (Hooks, 1994). Looking at the risk of marketing and risk of lending within its central corporation, bank’s success depression and they are not able to test, monitor and manage the trials in the tested manner. Banks have attempted to expose risk management planes that could potentially gain more importance as well as the risk of receiving money. Financial organization have faced many issues for various purpose over many years, however the main reason for banking problems are mainly to raise measures for debt lender and agree against parties, well the risk of integrated portfolio not connected, inade-quate satisfaction, is momentum and integration by commercial or other envi-ronments that can be ordered in the direction of bad operational within bank positioning of bank counterpart (Gil-Diaz, 1998). In operational, generally, the risk is recognized and it is familiar, as it is the most reliable and fast within the nature developed through many financial risks within the bank face (Sackett & Shaffer, 2006). Financial risk expensive through a well-organized and effective management of debt risk does not support the ef-fective management of financial institutions (Banks) merely the ability and prod-uctivity of their own industries (Psillaki, Tsolas, & Margarities, 2010). 
第9段:
 The aim of this study is to interpret the cause of credit risk and how to man-age credit risk and what kind of management techniques are adopted by com-mercial banks of Pakistan? This study also aims to examine what kind of risk are faced by commercial banks in Pakistan and what is the effect of credit risk on the performance of banks in Pakistan. On the other hand, we are focusing on that what kind of strategies should be adapted to control and reduce the operational risk. 
第10段:
 Operation risk associated with people, systems, processes and external events is one of the great challenges for banks all over the world. During the last couple of years, the banking sector has sophisticated and minimized extensive losses due to operational risk. In order to overcome operational risk, the organization must maintain a good operational risk management workforce to prevent such crises. Although opera-tional risk is comparatively new to the banking sector, now it has become a sig-nificant part of any banking institution’s risk department. With good operation-al risk management, an organization manages its risk successfully. Operational risks—while not new, but in new surroundings—have received tremendously increased attention just recently. Operational risk is defined as the vulnerability of enterprise as an outcome of carrying out it in an improper or insufficient kind, and may outcome from external factors. Regardless of the actuality in the field of finance, management and establish-ment of risks have regularly been a first intention of the finance overtly within organizational growth and check capacity; non-financial risk authorities have been unhappily for the majority fraction unnoticed (Sadaqat, Akhtar, & Ali, 2011). Operational risk varies from the entire extra varieties of risk because it negotia-tions intrinsically with very well-organized means rather than supervising unfa-miliar environments (Frame, 2003). The amount and management of nonfinan-cial risk are equitably deviating and distinct from other types of banks’ asso-ciated economic risks. The various natural world of nonfinancial risk either from interior/exterior intervention to business organization pursuits makes demand-ing systematic and sound measurements with constraints (Jobst, 2007). In recent times, risk control is the most main factor of any organization and especially integral for banking sector; because banking is one of the risky businesses in the world. For the management of such types of risks, organizations must have well-organized and competent risk management workforce, because effective risk management does not happen automatically. The aim of my research work is to evaluate the impacts of operational and credit risk on the overall result of performance of banks in Pakistan more than a time span of 17 years (2000-2016). 
第11段:
 The remainder of the research work is outlined as follow-section two is the   objective of the study, section four discusses the reviews of literature, section five   focuses on methodology, section six focuses on data analysis and interpretation   of findings and section seven presents the conclusion and recommendations.  
第12段:
 Credit risk (CR) and Operational risk (OR) greatly affect the banking sectors   and economies of the whole world including the banking sectors of Pakistan. 
第13段:
 Pakistani banking industry needs to be addressed properly to avoid such unsta-  ble situation.  
第14段:
 This study is going to answer the following question. 
第15段:
 What are the determinants of credit risk and operational risk that influence   the operational risk in Pakistani banking sector? 
第16段:
 This section covers the past investigation work on this topic credit risk. This li-  terature is based on ideological framework. 
第17段:
 Risk management practices are considered a key factor for determining the per-  formance of the organization, and in the case of commercial banks, this kind of   technique will forecast the efficiency and effectiveness of management. Risk   hedging skills and management functions of planning, organizing, leading, and   controlling are especially important for South Asian economies (Mujtaba, 2013)   as the public often hears cases of corruption. A number of studies have provided   the discipline in the practice of risk management within the banking sector but   there is a variation in researchers’ views about this issue. 
第18段:
 Prior literature on risk management in banking sector supported by studies of   Brown and Wang (2002) investigated credit risk management in Interstate bank   corporations. The sample of this study is from the first Interstate bank corpora-  tion. The result showed that hedging duration and credit spreads have consider-  able impact on risk management practices. Hedging option reduces credit risk. 
第19段:
 The study provided that credit risk management in the banking sector is very   important because banks play an important role in the economy of the country. 
第20段:
 Barnhill Jr. et al. (2002) found that the credit risk factor is a key issue in case of   financial stress. However, the organizations can overcome this issue by appro-  priate portfolio management techniques for getting economies of scale and bet-  ter results in case returns. Lehar (2005) concentrated on measuring systematic   risk in Austria. Data was collected from a sample of the largest 149 international   banks from 1988 until 2002. Systematic risk was measured by using correlation   and regression analysis and found that the high systematic risks in the banking   sector will result in high variations in the expected deficit. He used the stock   market information and found the joint dynamics of the Bank’s asset portfolio to   a sample of international banks. An increase in equity results in a significant de-  crease in systematic risk. Well-capitalised banks further reduce equity, not the   systematic risk. 
第21段:
 A bank performance has two functions; to collect one and as well as to provide   credit risk facilities, so it is not exposed to credit risk. One of the major threats of   financial risk is that the industry is satisfied with the prosperity of its industry   and it is riskier with accurate measurement and efficient management (Gieseche,   2004). 
第22段:
 There are different variables in the way of living outstanding balance as well as   liability methods to modify the clear debts aspects of credit risk lender and   counterpart (Coyle, 2000). Redirecting the credit risk is because credit consum-  ers have to pay the full-fledged and timely completion of their instability. 
第23段:
 This study indicates negligence of account availability due to the risk of lend-  ing financial (Credit) due to the country’s financial institutions (Barry, Baker, & 
第24段:
 Sannit, 1981).    (Deakins & Hussain, 1994) they emphasized in the risk assessment method,   combined funds and funds in time; thus unlikely to reduce the potential selec-  tion for banks within the curve, but in the right and durable client relationship it   is in the right direction and also shows the distance. 
第25段:
 In addition, there is a major cause of bank failure is a risk, with this demand   of financial crises in commercial banks, with the demands of high financial debt   (Barnhill, Papanagious, & Schumacher, 2002). 
第26段:
 The research has detected related to loans; large size of banks (Financial insti-  tution) is a very significant risk factor (Brown & Wang, 2002). Moderate to ac-  cept the choice of transferring transaction as well as huge financial risk of con-  tributing to a long-term contribution to the “bonds” loan. 
第27段:
 This study determines harmful shareholder risk and is more profitable than   the risk of such banking (financial) risk, while the Australian state board sees the   governments with the main objective of the risk of financial saving, and it is   possible (Peter & Peter, 2006). 
第28段:
 The researcher also investigates the financial risk executive by mega American   financial school, a single most credible entrance to the debt risk setting is to face   yard stack, and to agree with it (Fatemi & Fooladi, 2006). 
第29段:
 The term “operations risk” was formally invented and coined in 1991 by the   COSO report. Wiseman and Catanach (1997) acknowledged that institutions   need to convey authority and formulate ideas for modeling risk, and found them   as both exactly affiliated and interlinked through the preference of treatment.   (Ray & Cashman, 1999) declared operational risk (nonfinancial risk) conse-  quences conclusion producing into many modes, and moreover, risk evaluation   is regarded essential both from market member’s concern and scheme associated   perspective. 
第30段:
 The study extend this stream of literature on foreign exchange risk and opera-  tional risk along with credit risk pioneer by Al-Tamimi and Al-Mazrooei (2007),   as they studied the banking risk by taking the sample of 17 banks of UAE and   used a primary source of data through questionnaires and Pearson correlation   and regression model. They investigated operational risk, credit risk and foreign   risk that are faced by the United Arab Emirates commercial banks. The findings   indicated that the practice of risk monitoring, analysis, controlling and assess-  ments matters for a shield against risk and these practices may vary from cir-  cumstance to circumstance. Another study supports this objective that is Demi-  rovic and Thomas (2007), who studied the credit risk management of the United   Kingdom listed companies. The sample of this study was the United Kingdom   listed companies over the period from 1990 to 2002. To test the data Regression   analysis was used and the result indicated that for measuring the credit risk im-  portant factor is the size of the firm and all other factors remain the same or   no effect on the credit risk. In the case of non-financial firms in Pakistan the de-  rivatives are considered proper risk management practices (Chaudhry et al.,   2014a). 
第31段:
 Although research minimizes nonfinancial threat in the United Kingdom   trade financial institutions “banks” (Blacker, 2000) particularly toward reduction   of nonfinancial threat keeps comprehensive progressions links along with sys-  tem, technology and populace. The study described duty for nonfinancial risk   reduction lies among business unit, as confines were relaxed upon business ent-  ity, which assured the minimization of nonfinancial risk. Elliott et al. (2000)   identified nonfinancial risks like architecture of institution, as well as the gibbet   into which nonfinancial risk functions. Cornalba and Giudici (2004) identified   that banks are glancing towards admix both qualitative data and quantitative   data of accelerated measurement predetermined approximately towards quantity   functional risk. Power (2005) pointed out that inconsistency and dilemmas the   nonfinancial risk design, while being ingredients toward maximizing imposed   self-parameter in the operation of the banking industries. Research pursued and   understood to Basel II banking policies have effectively institutionalized the   model of nonfinancial risk with force in three (3) major parts; i.e. facts and num-  bers assemblage, definitional affairs and scopes of quantification to display the   paramount significance of nonfinancial risk. 
第32段:
 Likewise, (Flores & Ponte, 2006) stressed that usage of learning system or also   called information system (IS), and distilled size to attempt novel policies and   tools for organizing and systematizing nonfinancial risk. 
第33段:
 Laviada (2007) asserted to well-define means of nonfinancial risk administra-  tion will focus and reintegrate organizational interior controls. The study fur-  thermore emphasized to focus interior review for the entire means of culmina-  tion and execution expressly for schematizing nonfinancial risk. 
第34段:
 Different researchers had investigated the risk management in the case of dif-  ferent countries and found different phenomenological ideas related to the un-  der consideration issue. Selma et al. (2013) investigated risk management in Tu-  nisian commercial banks. They surveyed 16 commercial banks through a ques-  tionnaire. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, one sample t-test   and Friedman test. The main results are that Tunisian banks are practicing the   tools and also know about the importance and role of effective risk management   and don’t use wide economic capital and market VAR for different risk types. 
第35段:
 The role of transparency is well known by the Tunisian bankers and also found   that risk management is an ongoing process and will be developed in the future,   past and present. Risk information is disclosed in the financial statements ac-  cording to Basel II. However, the contribution of information towards risk   management is of significant importance (Chaudhry et al., 2014b). 
第36段:
 This research provides the parameters by selecting the methodology of investi-  gation, especially examining credit and operational risks in commercial banks of   Pakistan. Data collection methods, kind of different tools for measuring, and al-  so providing the path for managing the measure, are all important factors. For   the depth analysis of said assertions, which was already introduced use the quan-  tity techniques. How the issue was resolved is also described in detail.  
第37段:
 The research will analyze the investigative question within an interpreted vi-  sion with a descriptive approach. 
第38段:
 For this research, the researcher will use multi-variant regression model to check   implication of variables on operational along with credit risks as well as regres-  sion study is used in presentation, management and study of empirical out-  comes. 
第39段:
 The bane of research is to empirically analyze the “quantitative” effects of credit   and operational risk on the recital of financial institutions “banks” in Pakistan,   across the time span of sixteen years (2000-2016). Three banks were selected   from the banks whose names are HBL, MCB, NBP, MEEZAN, ASKARI, BOP, 
第40段:
 BOK, and ALLIED bank. 
第41段:
 This study considers the data for the time of 2000-2016; the sample consisted   of 08 commercial banks in Pakistan. For this study, selection includes HBL, 
第42段:
 MCB, NBP, MEEZAN, ASKARI, BOP, BOK, and ALLIED bank. 
第43段:
 To facilitate the study of a particular case, the data will be gathered and retrieved   from different sources. The data was sourced from the annual reports (finan-  cial statement) of banks as well as from State bank of Pakistan official website   for the sample. The data includes both cross-sectional and time-series data;   therefore, it is pooled into a panel data set and estimated using Panel Data re-  gression. 
第44段:
 This study consists of five variables, in which one is dependant and four va-  riables are independent. 
第45段:
 In this research, the dependent variables are Credit Risk (CR) and Operational   Risk (OR).  
第46段:
 Independent variables are Gearing Ratio (GR), NPLs Ratio, Operation Efficiency   (OE), and Liquid Assets (LA).  
第47段:
 Table 1 shows a case study of Pakistani commercial banks”.  
第48段:
 In this study, two dependent variables are used i.e., operational and credit risk   and corporate analysis for the applications of independent variables. 
第49段:
 Model (I):  
第50段:
 Financial Risk   Credit Risk = α + β1GR + β2NPLs + β3OE + β4LA + € 
第51段:
 Model (II):  
第52段:
 Non-Financial Risk   Operational Risk = α + β1GR + β2LA + β3OE + β4NPLs + β5LNTA + € 
第53段:
 To select the model between common effect and fixed effect model, we use F   value. If F value is greater than 2 then we will use common effect model. To se-  lect model between fixed effect and random effect, I will use Housman test. If the   result of Housman test is significant we will use random effect model. In this re-  sult, we have F = 3.43. 
第54段:
 Table 2 shows the empirical finding of this model of business risk is depicted   to 0.43 value in the case of Adjusted R square which meant that 43% of the vari-  ation is due to the hypothesized model of this particular research which con-  firms the relevancy of the results. The regression model shows the F-Statistic =   26.80 and p < 0.005, which means that the model is significant. As can be seen   that credit risk is significant and positive regression values with GR. NPLs and   Bank size had a negative and insignificant relationship with credit risk.  
第55段:
 Table 3 shows the Housman test that which model is appropriate for our   study between fixed effect and random effect models. 
第56段:
 Table 4 shows empirical finding of this model of business risk is depicted to   0.74 value in the case of Adjusted R square which meant that 76% of the varia-  tion is due to the hypothesized model of this particular research which confirms   the relevancy of the results. The regression model shows the F-Statistic = 37.26   and p < 0.005, which means that the model is significant. As can be seen that   credit risk is significant and positive regression values with GR. NPLs and Bank   size had negative and insignificant relationship with credit risk.   Table 2. Fixed effect model.    Table 3. Housman test.    Table 4. Fixed effect model. 
第57段:
 This research work determines the variables that affect credit risk in Pakistani   banking sector. That’s why this research work applied credit risk and operational   risk as a dependent variable and other variables GR, NPLs, LA and OE as inde-  pendent variables. This study has identified the variables that are of considerable   impact and are of significant importance in the case of credit risk in commercial   bank of Pakistan.  
第58段:
 The result has shown that CR (credit risk) and operational risk (OR) have a   positive relationship with all independent variables (GR, NPLs, LA, and OE). 
第59段:
 But credit risk has a weak positive relationship with (GR, NPLs, and LA). Credit   risk (CR) has only strong positive relation with operating efficiency (OE). 
第60段:
 My study sample size consists of 8 banks, and a time period of 17 years. I took a   small period of time due to the shortage of time. 17 years of data show a signifi-cant and positive result. This topic is more interesting as compared to other top-ics. If someone is interested to do research on this topic, I advised him/her to take the data from 1990 and he should increase the size of his/her sample means selecting more banks as a sample size. He/she will get a more positive and sig-  nificant result. 
第61段:
 This study recommends that, if we follow the appropriate banks’ rules, and the   rules should be supported by correct credit analysis and appropriate provision of   credit loan conditions. To avoid exposing the actual offer of the bank’s financial   position on their balance sheet, and for compensation for portfolio activities, the   organization should consider credit analysis and bring it into account for sea-  sonal and challenging phase of economy, and should be debt with proper portfo-  lio management as well. Debt evaluation performance techniques (ELAT) are   included in conventional investment analysis and risk management.  
第62段:
 In future work, I recommend some suggestions for other interested people in   this topic. I took only eight banks, these are HBL, MCB, NBP, MEEZAN, ASKARI, 
第63段:
 BOP, BOK, and ALLIED banks as a sample, my dependent variables are Credit   Risk and operational risk and independent variables are Gering Ratio, NPLs, 
第64段:
 Liquid Assets, and Operating Efficiency and I got the positive and significant   result by using panel regression model. So I suggest to other interested people   that if he took more banks as a sample, and he should increase the time period of   data, he will get a more significant and positive result. 
第65段:
 In this manuscript, authors have contributed and their contributions are as   follows. 
第66段:
 We are very thankful to Dr. Javid Ali Khan (Hainan University, China) for   helping us with methodology and analysis. (IAK): The principal author carried   out the writing of the introduction, literatures, methodology and conclusion   parts, as well as design, organized, drafted and alignment the manuscript. In ad-  dition to this, all the authors revised the whole manuscript twice including “re-  sults and discussion part” and carried out all correspondence with journal editor,   etc. (Sehrish, Jahangir Faiz) carried out statistical analysis and helps us in writing   the “results and discussion parts. Sidra Khan and Major Sohail help in collecting   literature and data. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.  
第67段:
 The authors declare no conflicts of interest regarding the publication of this paper. 
第68段:
 Gil-Diaz, F. (1998). The Origin of Mexico’s 1994 Financial Crisis. The Cato Journal, 17, 303-313.  
